README.md, before:

# react-news-app

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/borenho/react-news-api.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/borenho/react-news-api)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/borenho/react-news-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/borenho/popular-news-app)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/borenho/react-bucketlist-api/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/borenho/react-bucketlist-api?branch=develop)

A ReactJS application that consumes the 'newsApi' API and displays the most popular news to the user.

1. **One command to get started** - Type `npm start` to start development in your default browser.
2. **Rapid feedback** - Each time you hit save, changes hot reload and linting and automated tests run.
3. **One command line to check** - All feedback is displayed on a single command line.
4. **No more JavaScript fatigue** - I used the most popular and powerful libraries for working with React.
6. **Automated production build** - Type `npm run build` to do all this:

## Get Started
1. **Initial Machine Setup**. First time running the starter kit? Then complete the [Initial Machine Setup](https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot#initial-machine-setup).
2. **Clone the project**. `git clone https://github.com/borenho/popular-news-app.git`.
3. **Run the setup script**. `npm run setup`
4. **Run the example app**. `npm start -s`
This will run the automated build process, start up a webserver, and open the application in your default browser. When doing development with this app, this command will continue watching all your files. Every time you hit save the code is rebuilt, linting runs, and tests run automatically. Note: The -s flag is optional. It enables silent mode which suppresses unnecessary messages during the build.
5. **Review the app.** Note how all source code is placed under /src. Tests are placed alongside the file under test. The final built app is placed under /dist. These are the files you run in production.
6. **Having issues?** See "Having Issues?" below.

## Initial Machine Setup
1. **Install [Node 4.0.0 or greater](https://nodejs.org)** - (5.0 or greater is recommended for optimal build performance). Need to run multiple versions of Node? Use [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm).
2. **Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)**. 
3. **[Disable safe write in your editor](https://webpack.js.org/guides/development/#adjusting-your-text-editor)** to assure hot reloading works properly.
4. On a Mac? You're all set. If you're on Linux or Windows, complete the steps for your OS below.  
 
**On Linux:**  

 * Run this to [increase the limit](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16748737/grunt-watch-error-waiting-fatal-error-watch-enospc) on the number of files Linux will watch. [Here's why](https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot/issues/6).    
`echo fs.inotify.max_user_watches=524288 | sudo tee -a /etc/sysctl.conf && sudo sysctl -p` 

**On Windows:** 
 
* **Install [Python 2.7](https://www.python.org/downloads/)**. Some node modules may rely on node-gyp, which requires Python on Windows.
* **Install C++ Compiler**. Browser-sync requires a C++ compiler on Windows. [Visual Studio Express](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-US/products/visual-studio-express-vs) comes bundled with a free C++ compiler. Or, if you already have Visual Studio installed: Open Visual Studio and go to File -> New -> Project -> Visual C++ -> Install Visual C++ Tools for Windows Desktop. The C++ compiler is used to compile browser-sync (and perhaps other Node modules).

## Having Issues? Try these things first.
1. Make sure you ran all steps in [Get started](https://github.com/borenho/popular-news-app/blob/master/README.md#get-started) including the [initial machine setup](https://github.com/borenho/popular-news-app#initial-machine-setup).
2. Run `npm install` - If you forget to do this, you'll see this: `babel-node: command not found`.
3. Install the latest version of Node. Or install [Node 5.12.0](https://nodejs.org/download/release/v5.12.0/) if you're having issues on Windows. Node 6 has issues on some Windows machines.
4. Make sure files with names that begin with a dot (.babelrc, .editorconfig, .eslintrc) are copied to the project directory root. This is easy to overlook if you copy this repository manually.
5. Don't run the project from a symbolic link. It may cause issues with file watches.
6. Delete any .eslintrc that you're storing in your user directory. Also, disable any ESLint plugin / custom rules that you've enabled within your editor. These will conflict with the ESLint rules defined in this project.
7. Make sure you don't have NODE_ENV set to production on your machine. If you do then the [development dependencies won't be installed](https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot/issues/400#issuecomment-290497767). Here's [how to check](http://stackoverflow.com/a/27939821/26180).
8. Tip: Things to check if you get an `npm run lint` error or build error:

    * If ESW found an error or warning in your project (e.g. console statement or a missing semi-colon), the lint thread will exit with `Exit status 1`. To fix: 

      1. Change the `npm run lint` script to `"esw webpack.config.* src tools; exit 0"`
      1. Change the `npm run lint:watch` script to `"esw webpack.config.* src tools --watch; exit 0"`

      > Note: Adding `exit 0` will allow the npm scripts to ignore the status 1 and allow ESW to print all warnings and errors.
  
    * Ensure the `eslint`/`esw` globally installed version matches the version used in the project. This will ensure the `esw` keyword is resolved.

## Technologies
Slingshot offers a rich development experience using the following technologies:

| **Tech** | **Description** |**Learn More**|
|----------|-------|---|
|  [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)  |   Fast, composable client-side components.    | [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/react-flux-building-applications)  |
|  [Redux](http://redux.js.org) |  Enforces unidirectional data flows and immutable, hot reloadable store. Supports time-travel debugging. Lean alternative to [Facebook's Flux](https://facebook.github.io/flux/docs/overview.html).| [Getting Started with Redux](https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux), [Building React Applications with Idiomatic Redux](https://egghead.io/courses/building-react-applications-with-idiomatic-redux), [Pluralsight Course](http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/react-redux-react-router-es6)|
|  [React Router](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router) | A complete routing library for React | [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/react-flux-building-applications) |
|  [Babel](http://babeljs.io) |  Compiles ES6 to ES5. Enjoy the new version of JavaScript today.     | [ES6 REPL](https://babeljs.io/repl/), [ES6 vs ES5](http://es6-features.org), [ES6 Katas](http://es6katas.org), [Pluralsight course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/javascript-fundamentals-es6)    |
| [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org) | Bundles npm packages and our JS into a single file. Includes hot reloading via [react-transform-hmr](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-transform-hmr). | [Quick Webpack How-to](https://github.com/petehunt/webpack-howto) [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/webpack-fundamentals)|
| [Browsersync](https://www.browsersync.io/) | Lightweight development HTTP server that supports synchronized testing and debugging on multiple devices. | [Intro vid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=heNWfzc7ufQ)|
| [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) | Automated tests with built-in expect assertions and [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) for DOM testing without a browser using Node. | [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/testing-javascript) |
| [TrackJS](https://trackjs.com/) | JavaScript error tracking. | [Free trial](https://my.trackjs.com/signup)|  
| [ESLint](http://eslint.org/)| Lint JS. Reports syntax and style issues. Using [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react) for additional React specific linting rules. | |
| [SASS](http://sass-lang.com/) | Compiled CSS styles with variables, functions, and more. | [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/better-css)|
| [PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss) | Transform styles with JS plugins. Used to autoprefix CSS |
| [Editor Config](http://editorconfig.org) | Enforce consistent editor settings (spaces vs tabs, etc). | [IDE Plugins](http://editorconfig.org/#download) |
| [npm Scripts](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts)| Glues all this together in a handy automated build. | [Pluralsight course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/npm-build-tool-introduction), [Why not Gulp?](https://medium.com/@housecor/why-i-left-gulp-and-grunt-for-npm-scripts-3d6853dd22b8#.vtaziro8n)  |

## Questions?
Check out the [FAQ](/docs/FAQ.md)

Commit message:

Display articles in horizontal cards

README.md, after:

# react-news-app

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/borenho/react-news-api.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/borenho/react-news-api)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/borenho/react-news-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/borenho/popular-news-app)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/borenho/react-bucketlist-api/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/borenho/react-bucketlist-api?branch=develop)

A ReactJS + redux front-end that consumes the 'newsApi' API for news articles and their sources, and displays them

1. **One command to get started** - Type `npm start` to start development in your default browser.
2. **Rapid feedback** - Each time you hit save, changes hot reload and linting and automated tests run.
3. **One command line to check** - All feedback is displayed on a single command line.
4. **No more JavaScript fatigue** - I used the most popular and powerful libraries for working with React.
6. **Automated production build** - Type `npm run build` to do all this:

## Get Started
1. **Initial Machine Setup**. First time running the starter kit? Then complete the [Initial Machine Setup](https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot#initial-machine-setup).
2. **Clone the project**. `git clone https://github.com/borenho/popular-news-app.git`.
3. **Run the setup script**. `npm run setup`
4. **Run the example app**. `npm start -s`
This will run the automated build process, start up a webserver, and open the application in your default browser. When doing development with this app, this command will continue watching all your files. Every time you hit save the code is rebuilt, linting runs, and tests run automatically. Note: The -s flag is optional. It enables silent mode which suppresses unnecessary messages during the build.
5. **Review the app.** Note how all source code is placed under /src. Tests are placed alongside the file under test. The final built app is placed under /dist. These are the files you run in production.
6. **Having issues?** See "Having Issues?" below.

## Initial Machine Setup
1. **Install [Node 4.0.0 or greater](https://nodejs.org)** - (5.0 or greater is recommended for optimal build performance). Need to run multiple versions of Node? Use [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm).
2. **Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)**. 
3. **[Disable safe write in your editor](https://webpack.js.org/guides/development/#adjusting-your-text-editor)** to assure hot reloading works properly.
4. On a Mac? You're all set. If you're on Linux or Windows, complete the steps for your OS below.  
 
**On Linux:**  

 * Run this to [increase the limit](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16748737/grunt-watch-error-waiting-fatal-error-watch-enospc) on the number of files Linux will watch. [Here's why](https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot/issues/6).    
`echo fs.inotify.max_user_watches=524288 | sudo tee -a /etc/sysctl.conf && sudo sysctl -p` 

**On Windows:** 
 
* **Install [Python 2.7](https://www.python.org/downloads/)**. Some node modules may rely on node-gyp, which requires Python on Windows.
* **Install C++ Compiler**. Browser-sync requires a C++ compiler on Windows. [Visual Studio Express](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-US/products/visual-studio-express-vs) comes bundled with a free C++ compiler. Or, if you already have Visual Studio installed: Open Visual Studio and go to File -> New -> Project -> Visual C++ -> Install Visual C++ Tools for Windows Desktop. The C++ compiler is used to compile browser-sync (and perhaps other Node modules).

## Having Issues? Try these things first.
1. Make sure you ran all steps in [Get started](https://github.com/borenho/popular-news-app/blob/master/README.md#get-started) including the [initial machine setup](https://github.com/borenho/popular-news-app#initial-machine-setup).
2. Run `npm install` - If you forget to do this, you'll see this: `babel-node: command not found`.
3. Install the latest version of Node. Or install [Node 5.12.0](https://nodejs.org/download/release/v5.12.0/) if you're having issues on Windows. Node 6 has issues on some Windows machines.
4. Make sure files with names that begin with a dot (.babelrc, .editorconfig, .eslintrc) are copied to the project directory root. This is easy to overlook if you copy this repository manually.
5. Don't run the project from a symbolic link. It may cause issues with file watches.
6. Delete any .eslintrc that you're storing in your user directory. Also, disable any ESLint plugin / custom rules that you've enabled within your editor. These will conflict with the ESLint rules defined in this project.
7. Make sure you don't have NODE_ENV set to production on your machine. If you do then the [development dependencies won't be installed](https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot/issues/400#issuecomment-290497767). Here's [how to check](http://stackoverflow.com/a/27939821/26180).
8. Tip: Things to check if you get an `npm run lint` error or build error:

    * If ESW found an error or warning in your project (e.g. console statement or a missing semi-colon), the lint thread will exit with `Exit status 1`. To fix: 

      1. Change the `npm run lint` script to `"esw webpack.config.* src tools; exit 0"`
      1. Change the `npm run lint:watch` script to `"esw webpack.config.* src tools --watch; exit 0"`

      > Note: Adding `exit 0` will allow the npm scripts to ignore the status 1 and allow ESW to print all warnings and errors.
  
    * Ensure the `eslint`/`esw` globally installed version matches the version used in the project. This will ensure the `esw` keyword is resolved.

## Technologies
Slingshot offers a rich development experience using the following technologies:

| **Tech** | **Description** |**Learn More**|
|----------|-------|---|
|  [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)  |   Fast, composable client-side components.    | [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/react-flux-building-applications)  |
|  [Redux](http://redux.js.org) |  Enforces unidirectional data flows and immutable, hot reloadable store. Supports time-travel debugging. Lean alternative to [Facebook's Flux](https://facebook.github.io/flux/docs/overview.html).| [Getting Started with Redux](https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux), [Building React Applications with Idiomatic Redux](https://egghead.io/courses/building-react-applications-with-idiomatic-redux), [Pluralsight Course](http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/react-redux-react-router-es6)|
|  [React Router](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router) | A complete routing library for React | [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/react-flux-building-applications) |
|  [Babel](http://babeljs.io) |  Compiles ES6 to ES5. Enjoy the new version of JavaScript today.     | [ES6 REPL](https://babeljs.io/repl/), [ES6 vs ES5](http://es6-features.org), [ES6 Katas](http://es6katas.org), [Pluralsight course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/javascript-fundamentals-es6)    |
| [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org) | Bundles npm packages and our JS into a single file. Includes hot reloading via [react-transform-hmr](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-transform-hmr). | [Quick Webpack How-to](https://github.com/petehunt/webpack-howto) [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/webpack-fundamentals)|
| [Browsersync](https://www.browsersync.io/) | Lightweight development HTTP server that supports synchronized testing and debugging on multiple devices. | [Intro vid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=heNWfzc7ufQ)|
| [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) | Automated tests with built-in expect assertions and [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) for DOM testing without a browser using Node. | [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/testing-javascript) |
| [TrackJS](https://trackjs.com/) | JavaScript error tracking. | [Free trial](https://my.trackjs.com/signup)|  
| [ESLint](http://eslint.org/)| Lint JS. Reports syntax and style issues. Using [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react) for additional React specific linting rules. | |
| [SASS](http://sass-lang.com/) | Compiled CSS styles with variables, functions, and more. | [Pluralsight Course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/better-css)|
| [PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss) | Transform styles with JS plugins. Used to autoprefix CSS |
| [Editor Config](http://editorconfig.org) | Enforce consistent editor settings (spaces vs tabs, etc). | [IDE Plugins](http://editorconfig.org/#download) |
| [npm Scripts](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts)| Glues all this together in a handy automated build. | [Pluralsight course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/npm-build-tool-introduction), [Why not Gulp?](https://medium.com/@housecor/why-i-left-gulp-and-grunt-for-npm-scripts-3d6853dd22b8#.vtaziro8n)  |

## Questions?
Check out the [FAQ](/docs/FAQ.md)
